docs: update labels documentation (#30200)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/includes/tctl.mdx

To check that you can connect to your Teleport cluster, sign in with `tsh`, then 

> verify that you can run `tctl` commands on the host using your current credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
verify that you can run `tctl` commands on your workstation using your current credentials:
```

{/* Ignoring scope linting since we use this partial throughout the docs and
cannot guarantee that it will line up with a page's configured scopes*/}
{/*lint ignore scopes*/} 

```code
$ tsh login --proxy=<Var name="teleport.example.com" /> --user=<Var name="email@example.com" />
$ tctl status
# Cluster  (=teleport.url=)
# Version  (=teleport.version=)
# CA pin   (=presets.ca_pin=)
```

<ScopedBlock scope={["oss", "enterprise"]}>

> If you can connect to the cluster and run the `tctl` command remotely,

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure what you mean by this. If you've done a `tsh login` then you would be running tctl on your local computer. What does "run the tctl command remotely" mean in this context?

I _think_ we probably want to simplify and remove the words _local_ and _remote_. Maybe refer to "local computer" as "your workstation" instead?

Author: @zmb3 I'm still trying to figure out how this `tsh login` followed by running `tctl` commands (that appears in pretty much every topic) should work.
When I enroll a server as a resource, I can run `tsh login --proxy=proxy-address --user=admin-user`, authenticate as this user, then run `tsh` commands on the local server. I can't run any `tctl` commands or `sudo tctl` commands on the enrolled server. I can only run `tctl` commands on the Auth service host. I've tried creating an identity file and using the `--auth-server` and `--identity` flags to run `tctl` commands on the enrolled server, but I haven't found the right combination of command-line options to make it work.

```
ubuntu@ip-192-168-13-57:~$ tctl status
ERROR: failed to open file for Teleport configuration: /etc/teleport.yaml. Ensure that you are running as a user with appropriate permissions.
open /etc/teleport.yaml: permission denied

ubuntu@ip-192-168-13-57:~$ sudo tctl status
ERROR: tctl must be either used on the auth server or provided with the identity file via --identity flag
```

Is it possible to run `tctl` commands on a non-auth-server? what's the magic incantation that allows it to happen? (I found this page https://goteleport.com/docs/reference/cli/#tctl, but I must be missing something that is obvious to others.)

you can run subsequent `tctl` commands on the host computer.

For full privileges, you can also run `tctl` commands on your 
Teleport Auth Service host.
</ScopedBlock>

{/*lint ignore scopes*/}
<ScopedBlock scope={["cloud","team"]}>
After you connect to your Teleport cluster instance, you must run subsequent `tctl` commands 
on the host computer.

> </ScopedBlock>

Reviewer: I'm trying to phase out `ScopedBlock`s since users tend to get confused by the scope switcher. What would you think of one sentence in all scopes saying something like,

"If you host your own Teleport cluster, you can run `tctl` on the same host as the Auth Service for full permissions."
